# The-Curated-UltraLuxe-Singapore-Fest-Returns
The UltraLuxe Singapore festival, a 10-day event featuring curated jewels, precious stones, timepieces, designers, including from India, edu-tainment and more is set to make a comeback this October. Here’s a preview outlined by Richa Goyal Sikri. According to the 2021 Global Wealth Report by Credit Suisse Group, Singapore may have 437,000 millionaires by 2025 compared with 270,000 in 2020: a jump of ~62%. While other nations could boast of higher absolute figures, Singapore has the second highest density of millionaires in Asia at 5.5%. All based on an island where you can drive from one end to the other in forty minutes. And where there is wealth, there is patronage for the finer indulgences of life.  The country has successfully transitioned from being one of the most cautious during the pandemic, to one that is hungry to recapture its status as a regional hub. Singapore is open for work and play bringing back much-loved events such as the iconic Formula One race, top-notch entertainment, and the return of JeweLuxe, a curated jewellery show that has been an essential part of the country’s winter calendar of events.  This year, JeweLuxe will be part of a one-of-a-kind luxury festival, aptly named UltraLuxe, which will also debut the Singapore Watch Show. The festival will be held from 21st-30th October inside a plush, air-conditioned marquee at Ngee Ann City on Orchard Road, home to the internationally renowned Takashimaya department store. The ten-day affair will be an amalgamation of the best in fashion, jewellery, watches, and precious stones. Additionally, the festival will also offer a schedule of talks, panel discussions, demonstrations, and fashion shows featuring an array of subject-matter experts in design, gemstones, timepieces, fashion, and culture.  There are two clear segments of UltraLuxe: JeweLuxe for jewellery, and the Singapore Watch Show for spectacular timepieces.  Within JeweLuxe, designers have been organised across two editions: Icons &amp; Legacies from 21st-25th October, and Wonders &amp; Passions from 26th-30th October.  As the name suggests, Icons features jewellery designers whose work is recognisable, distinctive, and stretches the boundaries of convention in the art of jewellery making. Some examples include State Property, The Jewel Box, An Order of Bling who will launch a new collection at the show, from Singapore. From India, the exhibitors include Masterstrokes, with creations blending precious stones with enamelling, Umrao, bringing modern interpretation of vintage style, and the new and up-coming brand Tichu. Other Asian designers include Kavant &amp; Sharart, Mousson Atelier, and Shelly by Dynasty. Rota E Rota celebrate interchangeability with their edgy designs, along with Zydo from Italy. Representing the Americas is the celebrated Silvia Furmanovich, and her superb creations in marquetry, Daria De Koning and Kimberly McDonald’s, with their mesmerising creations featuring an array of gemstones, and geodes.  The Legacy part of the first edition includes jewellery collections with rare gemstones, coloured diamonds, highly valued, historic techniques in artisanship, contained within high jewellery creations, which the organisers believe will stand the test of time and value appreciation. Some names include, SICIS from Italy who bring the ancient art of micro mosaic to high jewellery, home-grown brand Caratell, TENZO who beautifully blends intrinsic value with quality craftsmanship and design. First time participant FREYA brings a delightful collection of jewels featuring unusual shapes and styles of diamonds. Other participants include diamond specialist MORCHA, Infiniti Jewels, YOEL DEIL from Israel, Renee Jewellers from the UAE, to name a few. Floral and architectural creations abound in the second edition of JeweLuxe titled ‘Wonders &amp; Passions’ from 26th-30th October featuring GEMAYEL from Lebanon, Dejade from Hong Kong, Leonori from Italy among others.  Angela Loh, Founder, UltraLuxe, shares her vision: “UltraLuxe marks a pivotal point in the evolution of JeweLuxe. Over the past two pandemic years, the luxury market has seen continued momentum and interest and is expected to grow further this year. As affluent consumers around the globe rally behind niche brands in their respective cities, they are re-shaping their perspective of luxury. The pursuit of purpose and meaning in design and craft is the underlying force that propels this movement. UltraLuxe is the culmination of this trend, presenting “purpose-focused” luxury that extends beyond jewellery and timepieces to include fashion and living.” To know more: https://gjepc.org/solitaire/the-curated-ultraluxe-singapore-fest-returns/
